Introducing post mortems (#1277)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: docs/postmortems/README.md

# Postmortems

> A postmortem is a written record of an incident, its impact, the actions taken
> to mitigate or resolve it, the root cause(s), and the follow-up actions to
> prevent the incident from recurring.
>
> [Postmortem Culture: Learning from failure](https://landing.google.com/sre/sre-book/chapters/postmortem-culture/),
> _Devin Carraway_

For a full overview, checkout the Software Reliability Engineering book on this

> topic [here](https://landing.google.com/sre/sre-book/chapters/postmortem/).

Reviewer: https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2012/06/links-should-never-say-click-here/#:~:text=Some%20links%20use%20the%20word,won't%20have%20a%20clue.

```suggestion
For a full overview, checkout the [Software Reliability Engineering book on this
topic](https://landing.google.com/sre/sre-book/chapters/postmortem/).
```

Author: 🤦

# Postmortems

> A postmortem is a written record of an incident, its impact, the actions taken
> to mitigate or resolve it, the root cause(s), and the follow-up actions to
> prevent the incident from recurring.
>
> [Postmortem Culture: Learning from failure][learning-from-failure],
> _Devin Carraway_

For a full overview, check out the [Software Reliability Engineering book][sre-book] on this
topic.

## Process

- Copy the [Postmortem template][postmortem-template] over to a new file
- This file should be named: `YYYY-MM-DD-title.md`

>   - For example: `10-11-05-critical-layout-breaking-change.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For example: `2023-11-05-critical-layout-breaking-change.md`
```
or something else

Author: Fixed.

- Fill out the template as best you can, be as detailed as needed
- Submit a Pull Request to the project, make sure to include anyone involved in
  the incident as a reviewer so they can provide additional perspectives if
  needed

[learning-from-failure]: https://landing.google.com/sre/sre-book/chapters/postmortem-culture/
[sre-book]: https://landing.google.com/sre/sre-book/chapters/postmortem/

> [postmorem-template]: ./00-template.md

Reviewer: wrong link? The name is 0000-00-00-template

Author: Fixed.
